Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Life without you is like a broken pencil... pointless.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Thank god I'm wearing gloves because you are too hot to handle.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Pinch me, you’re so fine I must be dreaming.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are... gorgeous!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Do you like sales? Because if you're looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.
I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you're the gratest.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
My feet are getting cold… because you’ve knocked my socks off.
Wow, when god made you he was showing off.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you from Japan cause I'm trying to get in Japanties.
If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.
Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you craving Pizza? Because I’d love to get a pizz-a you
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Are you a keyboard ? Because you are my type.
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
I've seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together
Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.
I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.
My mom thinks I'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Feel my t-shirt, it’s made of boyfriend material.
You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious.
You're like a dictionary... you add meaning to my life.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
Did your licence get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?
When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?
Can I take a picture of you so santa knows what I want for christmas?
I'm new in town, could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'll cook you dinner, if you cook me breakfast
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
Good thing I just bought term life insurance … because I saw you and my heart stopped!
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I’d be in a higher tax bracket.
Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?